Fix broken links (#212)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: work_in_progress/specification/trace/LogCorrelation.md

### Trace ID

> The trace ID of the current span.  See [Span.md#traceid](Span.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trace ID of the current span. See [SpanContext](../overview.md#spancontext).
```
(working link once it's moved out of the WIP folder)

> The trace ID of the current span. See [SpanContext](../overview.md#spancontext).

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this, I thought this document is trying to use two spaces everywhere. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sentence_spacing

Reviewer 3: This is not consistent across the entire repo.

### Span ID

> The span ID of the current span.  See [Span.md#spanid](Span.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The span ID of the current span. See [SpanContext](../overview.md#spancontext).
```
(working link once it's moved out of the WIP folder)

### Sampling Decision

The sampling bit of the current span, as a boolean.  See

> [Span.md](Span.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SpanContext](../overview.md#spancontext).
```
(working link once it's moved out of the WIP folder)
